hello I'm one of my favorite YouTube
friends and my blackery she's down there
somewhere hey mol people you know we're
gonna get matching YouTube tattoos today
Emma actually are you thinking getting
the Google poor fuckers before you think
this is a bit rash of us or a bit silly
I just want to remind you what YouTube
has done for the likes of me and Emma
I'm constant other people it's attitude
it's so specific YouTube's done a lot
for us so here's a little para montage
Oh your mom and dad you always YouTube
has given me everything in my life over
the past few years thanks to youtube I
get to travel the world as part of my
job why do I deny it's given me some of
my best friends people that I hope will
be in my life for a very long time stay
song didn't reach your face is it too
hot haha it's even giving me my
relationship we are going to see where
our wedding is going to be today
thanks to youtube I get to play shows
every single night in front of the
people that support me for that I'm
eternally grateful so what's the harm in
just one more tattoo
[Music]
scatting same birthday
oh hi do not feel me oh I think he just
did yours is plated a bleedin deadly so
that's an Irish thing curtsy Eddie of it
just like completely off after you like
it it literally looks like you've got
the plague look at it like it looks so
it's like a whole bathroom
you
hello the tattoo is finally healed and
ready i will show you knew I think it
looks very nice neither myself or where
am I would recommend getting a tattoo by
the way the only reason why we did this
today is because we already have a few
each so the canvas has already ruined so
why not just add another I'm going to be
a granddad with a smiley face on his
left arm on a play button on his left
foot I do hope you like this video with
myself Adam a black or a giver Tom's up
if you did and I will leave you again
this week with another sneak peek for
the music that's coming mid-february to
Lou thank you very much and I'll see you
next week there'll be less fees a lot
less feet singing horses astronauts in
your passenger seat
limitless success
oh it all depends on whether your stone
my old is this friend
[Music]